Here we are, in the Manga convention of Barcelona 2014, In the block number one
they reported us that there's a digimon protest march, of digimon fans in this Manga Convention
as you can see, they are marching behind me right now!
and it's formed for a group people, protesters,
who have decided that the digimon presence in the convention wasn't enough in this convention
and they disposed to protest to increase it
<"You play so much, eat my digi-nuts ">
I join this people, the digi-outraged
the reason for being here, is because pokemons of the 4th generation sucks.
they are *ucking ugly, they are ugly as cancer
third generation was already unsightly
also the new teams, the Magma equip, and those guys, they look gay, they
THEY DON'T HAVE POKE-BALLS! Not as Pedro Sánchez (spanish politician), *UCK!
... we'll be able to win the evil at
the EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEND... <singing>
... beside our digimon...
they are ugly as a tumor
when i see them i jus think: "Please, they are begging me to kill them"
<Jump, Jump, Jump, Poke-fan, who doesn't jump!><Jump, Jump, Jump, Poke-fan, who doesn't jump!>
-Well here we are with the protest Leader.
+ Yeah, yeah
- Who are you guys?, for what purpose did you come here ?
+ We are just an outraged people...
... is just...<Giovanni asshole, go out with pokemon>
... we are nobody, just people who are outraged for all this,
for the fact that the convention is turning into pokemon stuff
<Jump, Jump, Jump, Poke-fan, who doesn't jump!><Jump, Jump, Jump, Poke-fan, who doesn't jump!>
+ Since the last year, when i fought with a pokemon fanatic
... it's crazy for me that this year the convention...
... the convention position themselves toward pokemon side
... it's a dumbass move
so
this protest march is to show all the convention the silent majority
who support digimon, and doesn't do for pokemon
because this kind of stuff do not must be allowed
hey, record this
this is a bite that made me the last year fan
this, this can't be
this can't be allowed here, It can't be allowed that a guy to bite my ear the last year letting me like this
- So, the last year, you were bitten by someone in your ear
+ Yeah,
it was that guy, the poke-fan son of a *itch
yeah, yeah, see this
I'm lurking at him, the mother*ucker... If I see him here... If Ifound him here i will kick his *ss
look at him, look at his *ucking smile, how he makes his photos
And then he goes so happy
- Okay dude, and...
what are you claim for in this convention? what's your objective?
- Just don't let so many pokemons in the convention, we must finish this discrimination in pokemon-digimon
It can't be
It must be 50 percent digimon, 50 percent pokemon, or more, because
is the soulchild serie
but, yeah, because pokemon have the MONEY!
BECAUSE POKEMON HAVE THE MONEY! you come here to buy the entire convention
and then this kind of stuff happens
<Die pikachu!>
<what's wrong with you?>
<Digimon intro Song first Season>
<Giovani badass, return us the manga's> <Giovani badass, return us the manga's>
< Digimon Opening season 1>
<threating>
+ This is the last year poke-asshole
[people shouting <he will kill him!>]
- I will shatter your face!
- I will smash your face on the street!
[People <hey, move away of them, move away, move away!>]
[Security <Hey! HEY!>]
[Security [What the *uck is happening here?!>]
[Security [Stop or i will shoot you both!>]
- The Staff doesn't let us continue recording, and police just arrested the two guys...
... now we will try to know what happened
+ They finished fighting for fan diferences between pokemon and digimon
+ A poke-fan suddenly appears and starts to discuss with the protest leader
and they finished...
... embroiled in a fight
and the security just come to separate them
+ I don't know what happened
it starts, one guy comes defending pikachu, so much pikachu, and we...
were pacefully protesting, and suddenly he just jumped against one of our banners and
he fell at the floor
the security comes, and then we just don't know what happened next, but we...
...are peacefully protesting...
... for digimon, for the weak, because we are ever marginated...
... ever they go against us, and we wanted reivindicate our rights as digimon.
+ Like a circle, the history stars again...
.. but this time, fortunately, it was only one person who come, and starts to disturb to one of us
+Yes, it was a little hard, and i'm the opposite, like pokemon...
...but...
.. the protest was too much hard, but they have the right to defend their serie
+ If we are expressing us, and they comes someone to kick us, just for express ourselves...
... its...
... you may understand, if we can't say...
...eh...
... it's an expression act, so...
we are just expressing that we want digimon in the convention...
... and that poke-fan comes here with their *ucking pokemon in the middle of the convention...
... acting like that only because we are claiming that we also wants digimon in the convention...
.. it's... I don't like that
- I'm not sure but, i think i've just see pokemon people trying to do something.
+ This was a pokemon event, not for digimon.
+ It's so crazy, so crazy, this people...
.. must have the entry banned EVEN from their own houses.
its... I really think this is a bad way to live
Until here, is what we lived today in the convention
the event staff didn't want to detail what happened with the two guys
and we are waiting for an official notice.
This has beeing
V de Vombilla Flash, Actually from your Ass